Please answer the below core-java Questions:

What is programing language?
A.A programming language is a formal language which contains a set of specific instructions that are used to produce various kinds of desired results.In the same manner the Programming languages are used in computer programming to create programs in order to implement specific algorithms.
What jdk contains or composed of and define each components?
A.JDK is a Java Developer's Key consisted of a comprehensive set of tools, utilities, documentation, and sample code for developing Java programs.
The main components of JDK are as follows;
1)The Runtime Interpreter
A A Runtime interpreter or Java virtual machine (JVM) is a virtual machine that enables a computer to run Java programs as well as programs written in other languages that are also compiled to Java bytecode.
2)The Compiler
 A compiler in java is a program that takes the text file work of a developer and compiles it into a platform-independent Java file.
3)The Applet Viewer
The appletviewer command allows you to run applets outside of a web browser.
4)The Debugger
Debugging is the process of fixing bugs or errors present in the code or a project. Debugging, in other words, improves the quality of the code.
5)The Class File Disassembler
It prints out the disassembled code.
6)The Header and Stub File Generator
In order to implement native methods in a programme,the C header and source files are created that are used by C programs to reference instance variables of an object from native source code.
7)The Documentation Generator
The Documentation Generator is a process that parses the documentation comments in Java source files while producing a set of HTML pages explaining the public and protected classes, inner classes, interfaces, constructors, methods, and fields.
8)Applet Demos
An applet needs to be runned in a Web browser and can be a fully functional Java application because it has the entire Java API at its disposal.
9)API Source Code
API is an application programming interface (API) presenting a set of definitions, communication protocols, and tools for building software.
What is IDE?
A. Integrated Development Environment is a software application enabling users to more easily write and debug Java programs.
What are the IDEs available in the market to support java?
Explain the entire java life cycle.
what is class?
Class is an instance of an object.
What is object?
What is the entry point of an application?
Why main is static?
Which class is the superclass of all classes?
What is difference between path and classpath variables?
What is the difference between an Interface and Abstract class?
Can you make an Object from an Interface and Abstract class ? if not how do you use it ?
what is Access Specifier?
What is OOP ? Define each feature of java OOP.
What is Java Package and which package is imported by default?
What is API? Name list of API that you have used so far.
Does java support multiple inheritance, explain why or why not?
What is method overloading and when it happens?
Explain exceptions in java and how to handle it.
What is static keyword in java? How it has been used in variables and methods ?
What is final and how it has been used variables and methods?
What is final, finally and finalize?
What is a constructor ?
Can we have multiple constructors in a class?
If we don't have a constructor declared, what is called during the object creation?
What is "this" keyword in java ?
What is "super" keyword in java? How many possible way can you use?
What is JVM stand for ?
Is JVM platform independent?
What version of java are you using?
What is JAR stand for ?
What is the difference between JDK and JVM?
What is the difference between JVM and JRE?
What is compile time and run time?
What is heap?
How java manage it's memory?
What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
What is Singleton class?
What is Serialization and Deserialization?
when to use transient variable in java?
Difference between while and do..while loop?
What is Enum?
What is Iterator?
Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
Why is String Immutable in Java?
What is constructor chaining in Java?
The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
What is JIT stands for?
Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
What is reflection in java and why is it useful?
what is multithreading in java?
What is the use of synchronization in Java?
What is Framework?
What are the testing Framework available in java?
Difference between jUnit and testNG?
What are the dependencies for this project?
what is dependency injection in java?
What is static binding and dynamic binding?









